c:\users\prometheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PokemonMastersGuildSite\PokemonMastersGuildSite\bin\MVC5Bootstrap-3-1-1-Less.dll.config
c:\users\prometheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PokemonMastersGuildSite\PokemonMastersGuildSite\bin\MVC5Bootstrap-3-1-1-Less.dll
c:\users\prometheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PokemonMastersGuildSite\PokemonMastersGuildSite\bin\MVC5Bootstrap-3-1-1-Less.pdb
c:\users\prometheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PokemonMastersGuildSite\PokemonMastersGuildSite\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\prometheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PokemonMastersGuildSite\PokemonMastersGuildSite\bin\BundleTransformer.Core.dll
c:\users\prometheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PokemonMastersGuildSite\PokemonMastersGuildSite\bin\BundleTransformer.Less.dll
c:\users\prometheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PokemonMastersGuildSite\PokemonMastersGuildSite\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\prometheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PokemonMastersGuildSite\PokemonMastersGuildSite\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\prometheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PokemonMastersGuildSite\PokemonMastersGuildSite\bin\JavaScriptEngineSwitcher.Core.dll
c:\users\prometheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PokemonMastersGuildSite\PokemonMastersGuildSite\bin\JavaScriptEngineSwitcher.Msie.dll
c:\users\prometheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PokemonMastersGuildSite\PokemonMastersGuildSite\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\prometheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PokemonMastersGuildSite\PokemonMastersGuildSite\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\prometheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PokemonMastersGuildSite\PokemonMastersGuildSite\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\prometheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PokemonMastersGuildSite\PokemonMastersGuildSite\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\prometheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PokemonMastersGuildSite\PokemonMastersGuildSite\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\prometheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PokemonMastersGuildSite\PokemonMastersGuildSite\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\prometheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PokemonMastersGuildSite\PokemonMastersGuildSite\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\prometheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PokemonMastersGuildSite\PokemonMastersGuildSite\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\users\prometheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PokemonMastersGuildSite\PokemonMastersGuildSite\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\users\prometheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PokemonMastersGuildSite\PokemonMastersGuildSite\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\users\prometheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PokemonMastersGuildSite\PokemonMastersGuildSite\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\prometheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PokemonMastersGuildSite\PokemonMastersGuildSite\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\users\prometheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PokemonMastersGuildSite\PokemonMastersGuildSite\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\prometheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PokemonMastersGuildSite\PokemonMastersGuildSite\bin\MsieJavaScriptEngine.dll
c:\users\prometheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PokemonMastersGuildSite\PokemonMastersGuildSite\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\prometheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PokemonMastersGuildSite\PokemonMastersGuildSite\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\prometheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PokemonMastersGuildSite\PokemonMastersGuildSite\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\prometheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PokemonMastersGuildSite\PokemonMastersGuildSite\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\prometheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PokemonMastersGuildSite\PokemonMastersGuildSite\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\prometheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PokemonMastersGuildSite\PokemonMastersGuildSite\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\prometheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PokemonMastersGuildSite\PokemonMastersGuildSite\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\prometheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PokemonMastersGuildSite\PokemonMastersGuildSite\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\prometheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PokemonMastersGuildSite\PokemonMastersGuildSite\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\prometheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PokemonMastersGuildSite\PokemonMastersGuildSite\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\prometheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PokemonMastersGuildSite\PokemonMastersGuildSite\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\prometheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PokemonMastersGuildSite\PokemonMastersGuildSite\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\prometheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PokemonMastersGuildSite\PokemonMastersGuildSite\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\prometheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PokemonMastersGuildSite\PokemonMastersGuildSite\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\prometheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PokemonMastersGuildSite\PokemonMastersGuildSite\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\prometheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PokemonMastersGuildSite\PokemonMastersGuildSite\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\prometheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PokemonMastersGuildSite\PokemonMastersGuildSite\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\prometheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PokemonMastersGuildSite\PokemonMastersGuildSite\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\prometheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PokemonMastersGuildSite\PokemonMastersGuildSite\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\prometheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PokemonMastersGuildSite\PokemonMastersGuildSite\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\prometheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PokemonMastersGuildSite\PokemonMastersGuildSite\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\prometheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PokemonMastersGuildSite\PokemonMastersGuildSite\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\users\prometheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PokemonMastersGuildSite\PokemonMastersGuildSite\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\users\prometheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PokemonMastersGuildSite\PokemonMastersGuildSite\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\prometheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PokemonMastersGuildSite\PokemonMastersGuildSite\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\users\prometheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PokemonMastersGuildSite\PokemonMastersGuildSite\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\prometheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PokemonMastersGuildSite\PokemonMastersGuildSite\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\prometheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PokemonMastersGuildSite\PokemonMastersGuildSite\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\prometheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PokemonMastersGuildSite\PokemonMastersGuildSite\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\prometheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PokemonMastersGuildSite\PokemonMastersGuildSite\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\prometheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PokemonMastersGuildSite\PokemonMastersGuildSite\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\prometheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PokemonMastersGuildSite\PokemonMastersGuildSite\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\prometheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PokemonMastersGuildSite\PokemonMastersGuildSite\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\prometheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PokemonMastersGuildSite\PokemonMastersGuildSite\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\prometheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PokemonMastersGuildSite\PokemonMastersGuildSite\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\prometheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PokemonMastersGuildSite\PokemonMastersGuildSite\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\prometheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PokemonMastersGuildSite\PokemonMastersGuildSite\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\prometheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PokemonMastersGuildSite\PokemonMastersGuildSite\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\prometheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PokemonMastersGuildSite\PokemonMastersGuildSite\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\prometheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PokemonMastersGuildSite\PokemonMastersGuildSite\bin\ru-ru\BundleTransformer.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\prometheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PokemonMastersGuildSite\PokemonMastersGuildSite\bin\ru-ru\BundleTransformer.Less.resources.dll
c:\users\prometheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PokemonMastersGuildSite\PokemonMastersGuildSite\bin\ru-ru\JavaScriptEngineSwitcher.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\prometheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PokemonMastersGuildSite\PokemonMastersGuildSite\bin\ru-ru\MsieJavaScriptEngine.resources.dll
c:\users\prometheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PokemonMastersGuildSite\PokemonMastersGuildSite\obj\Debug\MVC5Bootstrap-3-1-1-Less.dll
c:\users\prometheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PokemonMastersGuildSite\PokemonMastersGuildSite\obj\Debug\MVC5Bootstrap-3-1-1-Less.pdb
C:\Users\Prometheus\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PokemonMastersGuildSite\PokemonMastersGuildSite\obj\Debug\PokemonMastersGuildSite.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Prometheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PokemonMastersGuildSite\PokemonMastersGuildSite\obj\Debug\PokemonMastersGuildSite.Migrations.Initial.resources
C:\Users\Prometheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PokemonMastersGuildSite\PokemonMastersGuildSite\obj\Debug\PokemonMastersGuildSite.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Prometheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PokemonMastersGuildSite\PokemonMastersGuildSite\bin\AutoMapper.Net4.dll
C:\Users\Prometheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PokemonMastersGuildSite\PokemonMastersGuildSite\bin\AutoMapper.dll
C:\Users\Prometheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PokemonMastersGuildSite\PokemonMastersGuildSite\bin\AutoMapper.xml
C:\Users\Prometheus\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PokemonMastersGuildSite\PokemonMastersGuildSite\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.dll
C:\Users\Prometheus\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PokemonMastersGuildSite\PokemonMastersGuildSite\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Desktop.dll
C:\Users\Prometheus\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PokemonMastersGuildSite\PokemonMastersGuildSite\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\Prometheus\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PokemonMastersGuildSite\PokemonMastersGuildSite\bin\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\Prometheus\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PokemonMastersGuildSite\PokemonMastersGuildSite\bin\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\Prometheus\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PokemonMastersGuildSite\PokemonMastersGuildSite\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.xml
C:\Users\Prometheus\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PokemonMastersGuildSite\PokemonMastersGuildSite\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\Prometheus\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PokemonMastersGuildSite\PokemonMastersGuildSite\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Desktop.xml
C:\Users\Prometheus\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PokemonMastersGuildSite\PokemonMastersGuildSite\bin\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\Prometheus\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PokemonMastersGuildSite\PokemonMastersGuildSite\bin\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
C:\Users\Prometheus\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PokemonMastersGuildSite\PokemonMastersGuildSite\obj\Debug\PokemonMastersGuildSite.csproj.App.config
C:\Users\Prometheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PokemonMastersGuildSite\PokemonMastersGuildSite\bin\PagedList.dll
C:\Users\Prometheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PokemonMastersGuildSite\PokemonMastersGuildSite\bin\PagedList.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Prometheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PokemonMastersGuildSite\PokemonMastersGuildSite\bin\PagedList.xml
C:\Users\Prometheus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PokemonMastersGuildSite\PokemonMastersGuildSite\bin\PagedList.Mvc.xml
